He goes we'll come back.
OK so this is day 17 or 18.
TURLEY sure.
I'm now in Slovenia.
I'm not the best recording environment but I just want to update you have been very active not terribly
but I can show you what's happened in the last two three days.
So pretty standard growth slow growth slow.
It's really kind of slowed down a little bit.
Notice here the per day growth is kind of all over the place.
So you can see we're headed to a summer in here where I only played 18 this on it.
Eighteen dollars on the 13th for whatever reason and the next day we had 80.
And then you know here we had 80 a couple times 100.
Yes.
So that seems Wii my ranged anywhere from 50 to 160 but more commonly it's between 50 and 100 and it's
perfectly fine.
Again this is kind of a snowball thing.
So once you have more people then you get more engagement which means you get to shop higher on my cash
drag pages.
So you might actually get in the top post and then that's pretty much where a lot of things change.
So let's see where we're at.
OK so one thing I started doing was I started posting carousels.
Now the idea was that you're posting videos all the time so why not do a reoccurring kind of thing where
I take all of the best videos that five best videos of the last week and and post that because this
is an example of that one.
And I just put all of them into a carousel and then I put you know which one is your favorite.
And I listed them out and said tell us in the comments.
You know once you have actually more followers maybe people actually answer that.
But I don't know.
Anyway so that was the idea.
It's just basic as free content basically.
So I don't know if I do this daily or weekly or monthly.
Not really sure.
It looks like it's going to be above average for engagement which is good.
So probably something we can repeat it tells us something it just takes no time at all to do because
it's already just old.
You have to edit them any way.
What I tried doing was using new hash tags.
I got really kind of dug for some different ones here and unfortunately I don't think any of these have
have it on the top post page so I'm pretty doubtful now on the things I've been doing.
I started using Jarvi to output very large list of hash tags and then I'm just going through them and
removing the bad ones that don't make any sense and then looking at some of the ones I'm not really
entirely sure of.
One of the great things about Tarby is when you do output your hashtags and he goes I'm talking I'll
go back to the advanced hash tag section is that it automatically filters it by number of posts.
Which is great.
Be a little more helpful for me if I knew like how many likes average likes the top posts have but that's
just not something they poll anyway.
So now where I can do is I can just kind of post a set in a range of these.
And then if for some reason my engagements are lower than I expected then I can for the next post then
lower them like go and find less popular ones because I'm personally trying to shoot for the top post.
I've also been trying to compile suggested users are starting to add that to the original pile that
I had before.
The idea is that I want to start doing shout for shouts and collaboration.
As soon as possible the plan is to do it once it got to 5000.
So I'm kind of getting ready for that.
I'll be at 5000 any day now.
Yeah.
So really that's just an outreach thing.
Once I have a list of just tons and tons of them then it's just a matter of e-mailing all of them.
Another update on the V.P. s I have created our first zombie kind of was just like a poke and prod.
I wanted to get in and kind of see what it would look like if you know I was using it in the way that
I thought.
All right so you can see the zombie right here.
Was it an innovation.
And again it was kind of a poke and prod.
I just wanted to see because it just updated some of their settings for how many interactions you can
do.
And I just want to see how that worked and then kind of conceptualized the council more once I have
an idea that works and I'll start replicating it.
But right now it's just running the basic kind of set up where it's follows the minimum amount of people
and slowly over time kind of cranks it up.
So you can see here just like 565 likes a day by 56 follows on 387.
Technically the limit for these are eight hundred each.
So I have plenty of room to spare but it's like a brand new account so I don't want to push it.
We can show you see my father sitting so I have it for instance like follow a maximum 175 to 200 per
day increasing it 25 each day.
Eight hundred.
That's it that's like moderately aggressive.
I think it's fine.
I did run into one issue where the count disappeared for like an hour.
It turns out I had to verify a phone number.
OK.
And Jarvi actually does that for you which is bizarre.
I think I ended up using a burner.
And we talked about this if you go back to the robot section or use Jarvi used a burner an app called
Burn or so.
Yeah.
That's running D'Arby has kind of having some issues right now and running in a VPN I'm a cheapo.
So the GPL I pay for is like $10 a month.
So it's incredibly slow.
But yeah and you know for the most part that's how that's working.
Other than that recently just got of getting in the habit of posting stories regularly.
Just why not.
I mean the thing is that writers are already giving us singular lines.
We want to hear and have a singular a line that takes no time to put these together.
Did it run into a problem actually.
So I hadn't one I hired another person and she is for us to take over the posting of the accounts.
And the reason why is because the original person who was doing this was doing it in Europe and just
the timing just wasn't right because some of the peak times when we get united states are just kind
of on time.
If you're in Europe so I needed someone in the U.S. So she's decent at doing this.
She's kind of going through a training process here and just showing her what what we're doing and how
we're doing it.
I wrote her a big guide on how she's supposed to do everything.
So it looks like this.
So just kind of details how often we post how to use later and how to use Trello How do you update that.
You add or captions or you an explanation of how you put in double line breaks because this is really
weird.
You have to be fully aware of them before you actually start to this otherwise you are going to be confused
and see.
Yeah.
Weinberg's anyway.
So I will always post this in the resources we talked about making these and I go over this one way
more in depth in the section.
Are we talking about accelerating your content production to look for it there.
So what I was saying is the new person is using a Motorola G4.
And for whatever reason it just took an odd shape or phone it's five and a half inches.
And so when she was posting stories like we made them seem the right size for stories.
But when she posted that they would crop weird.
So the logo getting cut off and the outro story and the other one just looked weird.
So we started to do is displayed around the cropping and re-export and all of the videos into smaller
sizes that now fit when she posts them.
So it's not a problem with posts.
That's that's for sure.
But it is definitely a problem with stories for some reason.
Anyway so that's what I'm doing.
Not a whole lot kind of building up to a point I think once we get to Shelfer shouts going that'll be
a big inflection point and once we start figuring out a pattern that works for the zombies that will
be a big point too.
You guys probably saw me do this in the zombie section so you might see some repetitiveness but I'll
start with that being said I am moving back on to Montenegro and I will hopefully update in the next
couple days.
CNN.